Feature/select for mobile (#1399)
vtex/styleguide: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added
> 
> - Add searchable option to Select component so it can better be used on mobile

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Added

- **EXPERIMENTAL_Select** `searchable` option so it can be better used on mobile.
```
